Application Details						Signature Polytechnic Experiences						Applicant Details																
Application ID#	Application	Competition Type	Applicant	Status	Last Update	Assorted Fields	Awardee?	Awarded Amount	Account/Reference Number	Project Start Date	Project End Date	First Name	Last Name	Title of your signature polytechnic experience	Email Address	"Please give an example of the type of ""Intense Mentorship"" that students receive as part of the experience"	Please share where and how students participating in the experience will disseminate the results of the program beyond the classroom	"What type of ""original work"" will be generated by students in this experience"	How does this experience incorporate participation from a variety of disciplines	Please give some examples of the type of communities students will engage with as a part of this project	"Please describe how ""leadership skills"" are developed through the students' participation in this class/project"	Choose from division	Choose from College	Are you Faculty or Staff?	Your position title	Please share your College/Area department name	Phone number	Proposal Keywords
970	HRT3830 - Food & Beverage Operations	Regular	"Zhang, Yu"	Reviewed	05/23/2020		--					Yu	Zhang	HRT3830 - Food & Beverage Operations	zhang2@cpp.edu	"On a weekly basis, instruction team provide one-on-one coaching throughout services, digital feedback/communication through BlackBoard and scheduled Zoom sessions. 

After each management week (where students run the restaurant as managers), instruction team conduct group feedback/review sessions to go over, 1) financial performance, 2) personal management style, 3) vertical/horizontal management results, 4) public speaking techniques, and many more. "	"We model the course after industry practices, and one of the key component that the instruction team strives to achieve is to maintain relationships with industry professionals. In which, we re-evaluate our program to stay up-to-date with actual real time practices. 

Our students are coached on soft skills, hard skills, management skills, technical skills (with our industry applicable software and programs training), and more. 

We prep our students on resume building, elevator speeches, and interview skills. We train our students to prepare for the annual career fair that takes place on campus. 

More importantly, we invite alums back into the classrooms to share knowledge and experience beyond the classroom. "	"Unique team specific marketing plans, weekly food and beverage specials, materials on training & development sessions, motivation and morale techniques, and in-service executions. "	"To keep thing in perspective, to operate a restaurant, it is almost like a full business! This course is the ultimate destination for most of our students currently. Their retained knowledge from courses in topics such as: accounting, marketing, HR, leadership, finance, service, communications, critical thinking/writing, sustainability, innovation and more, are ALL going to be implemented throughout their time in this class. We do are best to be interdisciplinary to be multidimensional, so, our students will be miles ahead by the time they graduate. 

""Thinking like an entrepreneur"" is our motto. "	"In terms of community exposure, our students, through their assigned tasks in areas such as Marketing, PR, Social Media Branding, and more - are highly encouraged to engage with campus: 1) student organizations/cubs, 2) Greek life, 3) local homeless shelters, 4) local non-profits, 5) university related fundraisers/functions, 6) their local churches, 7) youth facilities such as YMCA, and many more.

More importantly, they are responsible for many campus leadership meetings/luncheons/award ceremonies and more, making campus wide exposure and local community outreach a top priority through their academic experience with this particular course."	"As part of this class, our students are placed in our signature polytechnic learning environment (our open-to-the-public, non-profit, 5-star, upscale restaurant). 

This is a rotational program where students are assigned to a different position (service, host, pantry, grill, and etc) every week for maximum industry stimulation. More importantly, they will take helm as a Service Manager and Kitchen Manager throughout their rotations. By being a manager, they are responsible for key primary functions such as: 1) financial projection, 2) training & development, 3) in-service management, 4) menu development, 5) marketing & PR, 6) public speaking, and many more. 

They are to lead and manage through a team environment, by coaching and training their fellow classmates/peers. "	Academic Affairs	Collins College of Hosptiality Management	Faculty	Lecturer/Managing Instructor	Hospitality Management	9098692266	
971	New Food Product Development FST 4290L: From the classroom to National Competitions	Regular	"Davidov Pardo, Gabriel"	Reviews Active	05/18/2020		--					Gabriel	Davidov Pardo	New Food Product Development FST 4290L: From the classroom to National Competitions	gdavidov@cpp.edu	"During Fall semester, FST 4290L is a 2 unit laboratory, which means that the groups gather in the laboratory twice a week for 2:50 hours each time. During this time, I supervise the work of the students in the ideation sessions, prototype making, collection of quality parameters and assessing the sensory acceptability of the products. I also provide feedback on the reports to encourage critical think focus on technical problem solving to obtain the best possible prototype. 

Nevertheless, mentorship and advising of the food product development teams does not finish at the end of the semester, in most cases the deadlines to submit the preliminary proposals to the national competitions and the final proposals, if selected as finalists, happen in the semester following the course. There is still a fair amount of work to refine and making the prototypes for the competitions, reviewing and revising the preliminary proposals, writing the full proposals and creating and practicing the oral and poster presentations. Besides the investment of time required by the students and me to conduct the activities described above, the challenges are mainly related to the lack of structure that the course provides once the semester is over and mainly the lack of assigned time to conduct the activities. 

Finally, the teams that submit their projects for competitions receive feedback from highly qualified judges from industry and academia that also help to guide the future development of the projects and can be consider a type of mentorship."	"There are three main ways in which students disseminate the results of the project beyond the classroom. The first is through a public showcase at the end of the Fall semester, in which each team sets up a stand showcasing the technical and marketing aspects of the project and even providing samples to attendees. This showcase is open and promoted among all members of the Huntley College of Agriculture and last year also to members of the Campus community, for example staff from the iLab. 

The second way to disseminate the results is by participating in the regional and national competitions, finalists in these competitions are highlighted in the Southern California Institute of Food Technologists Section newsletter, the American Society of Baking and Research Chefs Association website and social media and the National Institute of Food Technologist website and social media. 

Finally, these projects are highlighted in the Huntley College of Agriculture website, as well as the Agricolum magazine and social media."	"For this course the students create a written report and oral and poster presentation that covers the following aspects of the development of a food product: Product Description, Process Description, Technical Problem Solving, Safety/ shelf life, Economic Feasibility, Profitability assessment and business sustainability, Marketing and Sustainability. 

Also, the students create several lab bench prototypes of the actual food product. For the final prototype after many iterations, at least 100 samples must be created for sensory evaluation and the showcase. 

Finally, the students also create a mock package of the product taken into consideration current regulations such as nutrition label, statement of identity, net content, etc."	"Food science and technology is intrinsically a multidisciplinary field of study, as it combines chemistry, physics, biology and even psychology. Specifically, this capstone project requires knowledge of food chemistry and thus organic chemistry to explain the functionality of ingredients in the product and the package. It requires knowledge of processing engineering to combine the different unit operations to scale the process for industrial production. It requires microbiology to analyze, determine and eliminate the risks that could compromise the safety of the product. If the product is a fermented one, knowledge in microbiology is also necessary to determine the optimal microorganisms and fermentation conditions. It requires knowledge about legislation and nutrition to create the nutrition label and mock package. It requires basic knowledge of cost analysis to assess the profitability of the product. It requires knowledge of basic marketing concepts such as the 4 Ps of marketing to evaluate the feasibility of the ideas and create the marketing plan for the product. Finally, it involves creativity and soft skills to present the project and the product in an appealing way."	"As mentioned in the previous section, the projects and products made in FST 4290L are created following the guidelines of national product development competitions. After the class is over the majority of projects are submitted to such competitions, this brings the students closer to the professional associations pertinent to food technology. Examples of such associations include the Institute of Food Technologists, American Society of Baking, Research Chefs Association and National Dairy Council to mention a few. From the moment of submission, the students are in contact with officials from the organizations and if they make it to the final rounds, they present the projects and products in the annual meetings across the country. 

Another community engagement aspect of this class pertains, in particular, to the Developing Solutions for Developing Countries (DSDC) competition. The DSDC competition promotes the application of food science and technology in the development of new products and processes that are targeted at improving the quality of life for people in developing countries. Some of the products developed for this competition could also be translated to improving the quality of life at the underserved minorities in this country."	"FST 4290L Food Product Development and Laboratory is a Food Science and Technology capstone course in which students develop an innovative food product from ideation to prototypes. The project involves ideation sessions and market research, technical feasibility studies, safety and regulatory compliance, industrial processing development and sensory acceptance (is the product tasty?). Prior to the ideation process, the students must select a national student product development competition from different professional organizations and follow their guidelines to create the products. 

Another important step in the developing of the foods is to assign roles for each of the team members. Once these roles are selected, the students become the leader for that particular aspect of the project. For example, the student that chooses the role of safety and quality assurance, is in charge of designing the Hazard Analysis of Critical Control Points (HACCP) plan, research and share the regulatory aspects that apply to the product and establish the quality assurance tests to create the gloden standard and the specification sheet of the product. As can be seen all members of the group get to practice leadership skills, by mimicking managerial positions that they would find in the food industry."	Academic Affairs	Huntley College of Agriculture	Faculty	Assistant Professor	Nutrition and Food Science	909-869-5226	
972	Professional Work Experience Course	Regular	"Lara, Ann"	Reviewed	05/6/2020		--					Ann	Lara	Professional Work Experience Course	aelara@cpp.edu	"Students receive mentorship during this course through the completion of their assignments. 


	Informational Interviewing allows students to closely interact with potential mentors while learning about their personal journey through their careers. 
	Personalized feedback provided to each student from their instructor, and their peers on one of their most important job searching tools, their resume. This feedback is given through grading feedback and discussion board posts. 


 "	"Students participating in this course showcase their results by through their success post-graduation.


	The course requires students to examine where they have been, where they want to go and how they can best get there, forcing them to plan ahead for their future after college.
	Collins College students typically have employment rates of 87% to 93% upon graduation, I feel this is due to the course preparing them to excel in their pursuits as well as the college’s commitment to career preparation."	"While many assignments are completed during the course, the Career Outcomes final project brings everything together for the student. 


	The students design a 3-page “magazine-style” spread about themselves. It will outline their journey, their tips for career success and includes photos of their time here.  Final projects shares their struggles, successes, families and career aspirations. They have made me cry, laugh, smile and feel prouder than I ever have for all they have accomplished. "	"This project incorporates a variety of disciplines


	Graphic Arts, students lay out their project using Canva, Publisher, Photoshop, Microsoft Word, etc. for ease of reading and attractive layout
	Creative Writing, proper use of grammar, spelling, and punctuation is needed 
	Psychology, students self reflect and provide thoughtful answers and evaluate their progress throughout time at Cal Poly
	Hospitality, Students share their journey through the hospitality industry 
	Business, Students look at business processes and how they have impacted their journey "	"Students will engage with communities of their peers, and industry professionals throughout the course through various online and offline modes of interaction. 


	Discussion boards on Blackboard will connect students with their peers for resume reviews, interview skill development, and community-building activities. 
	Connecting with industry professionals through LinkedIn, face-to-face meetings, email, and video conferencing allows students to continue to grow their leadership skills by interviewing and interacting with their professional networks. "	"Students model the behaviors of effective, ethical leaders by demonstrating the fundamental principles of leadership in a hospitality business environment


	Relate how the student will lead others by assessment of personality, work experience, and career goals. 
	Compare leadership styles through hospitality management interviews and assess strengths and weaknesses."	Academic Affairs	Collins College of Hosptiality Management	Faculty	Adjunct Facutly	The Collins College of Hospitality Management	9098694149	
973	PolyPet Spa Day and Vaccine Clinic	Regular	"Sohn, Joanne"	Reviewed	05/21/2020		--					Joanne	Sohn	PolyPet Spa Day and Vaccine Clinic	jsohn@cpp.edu	"Students are shown how to perform these skills by the instructors . Due to the fact this is a specialized, clinical skill, one on one instruction is required for a prolonged period of time."	Students use these skills to participate in free community events. These events are typically sponsored by rescue animal groups in underservefd areas and are great teaching and outreach events.	"Students must decide on an individualized vaccine and anti-parasite schedule for each animal. Depending on an animal's age, vaccine status and healthy history, every animal has a different schedule. In addition, students must determine if an animal needs blood testing depending once gain on the animal's health and envrironmental history."	Students must learn how to communicate effectively with the clients that bring in the animals. This requires communication skills as well as customer service skills. Students with bilingual capabilities are especially valued.	"This event is open to the Cal Poly community first, and then is open to the local Pomona community at large."	"Students are required to participate in this event three times during their during their career at CPP. During their first event, they learn how to perform basic skills such as handling and restraint. By the second event, students learn more advanced skills such as blood draws. By the third event, students participate heavily in teaching the lower division students. With each successive experience, students become more experience and confident. By the time the third event occurs, students they become quite experienced in teaching these skills."	Academic Affairs	Huntley College of Agriculture	Faculty	Associate Professor	Animal and Veterinary Sciences	2401	
974	The Poly Post (news lab)	Regular	"Turcotte, Jason"	Reviewed	05/23/2020		--					Jason	Turcotte	The Poly Post (news lab)	jmturcotte@cpp.edu	"Comprehensive mentoring is a key component of the news lab. The lab is advised by Jason Turcotte, an associate professor in the Communication Department. He was editor of his college paper and worked in the news industry for seven years. The editorial advisor assists the students in developing a news budget, helps them refine their writing, offers layout and design advice, and helps them navigate journalism ethics and their relationships with sources. In addition to the regularly scheduled class/lab meetings, the adviser spends Sunday afternoons with the editors to guide them in the news production process. The adviser is on-call and editors have access to their mentoring at any point during the semester. Intense mentoring also occurs between the more experienced student-editors and the new staff writers. They help lead writing workshops, they assign stories, edit and fact check copy for the reporters.

In addition, The Poly Post Business Manager, Linda Perez, mentors students from disciplines outside of communication in the areas of business, production, graphic design, marketing, and advertising. She has been the Business Manager at The Poly Post for the past 15 years and managed at Wells Fargo Financial prior to coming to Cal Poly Pomona. The business manager aids the students in developing new marketing plans, helps them refine their sales and technical skills, proposes layout and design advice for the magazine and newspaper, and provides guidance for industry standards. The business manager is also on-call and spends Sunday afternoons assisting the editors and approving pages before production."	"The news products are disseminated throughout campus. A weekly print newspaper is distributed to various buildings across campus every Tuesday morning. The Bronco Guide, is an annual magazine distributed to incoming CPP students. The website (www.thepolypost.com) is updated at least weekly, and when news breaks on campus. Social media accounts – including Instagram, YouTube, Twitter, and Facebook – are also utilized to distribute content. Students, staff, faculty, and administrators have access to both the print and digital products; alumni and the general public can access the digital content. In the upcoming academic year, a steering committee will begin crafting grant proposals to develop a mobile news app. This would greatly enhance the organization’s ability to serve the campus community and keep students informed. 

Their news products also represent our multimedia journalism program at various state competitions. For example, students submit their work to the Society of Professional Journalists collegiate awards contest; some have won awards and been recognized at our SPJ regional banquet. (SPJ is the largest organization of professional journalists in the U.S.) The students also disseminate their work by submitting samples to the California College Media Association’s annual competition. In 2020, Poly Post staffers earned more than 10 recognitions for best news stories, headlines, photography, design (and other categories)."	"The work generated helps the students to build a multimedia portfolio that they can leverage to secure competitive internships and jobs. The original work includes news articles for print and web, photography, in-house graphics, videography, podcasts, a weekly printed news product, and an annual magazine known as the Bronco Guide.

In some instances, the work includes a series of articles and photography spotlighting a single campus issue. These series can extend across multiple issues of the paper. Another example of the diverse works created in this lab includes a podcast hosted by two staffers that recap key stories in the paper and add their personal perspective to campus life. Students’ photojournalism and the development of original graphics also play an important role in enhancing the news content and communicating information in more visual formats."	"Although a practicum course for multimedia journalism majors, the staff welcomes students from all disciplines. In the past, staff has included students from English, Political Science, Business, Graphic Design and Engineering (among others). The student-editors also encourage freelance writers and opinion pieces from students of all disciplines. 

Poly Post editors routinely participate in ASI club fairs and the Communication Department’s fall fair to increase campus visibility and encourage participation from students across a variety of majors. The news lab adopts a policy of inclusion that welcomes students from all disciplines and all backgrounds."	"Editorially, the student-journalists engage with all facets of the campus community. This includes clubs, student organizations, ASI, academic senate, faculty, staff, various colleges and departments, and administration to inform the public of news and events at CPP. Although the paper caters mostly to a student audience, the reporters are charged with the task of informing the entire campus community and this requires them to build relationships and establish a rapport with sources across the entire campus. Sometimes, their work also requires them to engage with the greater CSU community or with sources outside of the university (such as alumni, for example). Editorial students typically become members of the Society of Professional Journalists or other state or national journalism organizations. This helps them engage with networks within their discipline. Although a practicum course for multimedia journalism majors, the staff welcomes students from all disciplines. In the past, the Poly Post staff has included students from English, Political Science, Business, Graphic Design, and Engineering (among others). 

Student advertising account executives also engage with a variety of campus communities, in addition to forging partnerships with local businesses in Pomona, the local surrounding areas, and on a national level dealing with advertising agencies. These businesses help support the operations of The Poly Post and the students learn how to manage business-to-business relationships. The advertising account executives are accountable for generating maximum sales from potential and existing advertisers. They are also in charge of prospecting new clients, providing customer service, and achieving weekly, monthly and quarterly goals. In addition to their sales duties, the students are reaching out to the various organizations on campus and encouraging them to be involved and participate in all that Cal Poly has to offer. This past year they formed a close relationship with Bronco Athletics to help support the student-athletes at their games. They are also working diligently with the Office of Student Life and Cultural Centers to come up with a plan to increase inclusivity amongst all groups."	"Leadership skills are cultivated through the student-run newspaper, both a print and digital version. Once students complete their first semester with The Poly Post (COM3351/COM4451), the existing student editors groom the next crop of leaders. These positions include editor-in-chief, managing editor, sports editor, arts and entertainment editor, web editor, copyeditor, photo editor, and Bronco Guide editor. These editors manage their respective beats, lead new reporters by assigning them stories, editing their work, fact-checking (and issuing corrections) and helping them navigate sources. These students not only learn invaluable editing and newsroom skills, but also how to manage personalities and motivate their team. The Poly Post is a collaborative experiential learning experience that relies on its student leaders to create an engaging and rewarding newsroom environment."	Academic Affairs	"College of Letters, Arts, and Social Sciences"	Faculty	Associate Professor	Communication Department	909-869-3526	
994	Market Analysis in the Lodging Industry	Regular	"Kwok, Linchi"	Reviewed	05/6/2020		--					Linchi	Kwok	Market Analysis in the Lodging Industry	lkwok@cpp.edu	"This course builds in counseling sessions where students will go over their analysis in front of the professor for feedback. The students will also engage with the Board of Advisors and the alumni as they get ready to present the results of their analysis. Besides being surprised in data analytics, students will receive advice regarding business demeanors, public speaking skills, and tips on professional attires. Many of these skills are transferable and can greatly benefit students’ future careers in the hospitality industry. 

 "	"From each class, up to six (6) students will be selected to represent Cal Poly Pomona to compete in the STR Student Market Analysis Competition that will take place in New York City. That is also the time when NYC is hosting the largest hospitality tradeshow --- The HX Hotel Experience & Boutique Design Tradeshow. In 2019, six of the Collins students in the class participated in the competition. Out of 25 hospitality programs that participated in the competition, the Cal Poly Pomona team presented the results of their market analysis of Seattle and won the 2nd Prize. Winning the 2nd Prize was a significant victory of Cal Poly Pomona, especially since that was the first time when our students ever competed in the event. Such a victory adds Cal Pomona Pomona to the list of the renowned hospitality schools in the world, further enhancing the hospitality brand of Cal Poly Pomona. 

 

The success of our students’ learning experience was also widely shared in various media outlets. Here are some examples:

https://exclusive.multibriefs.com/content/promoting-student-success-at-the-str-student-market-study-competition/travel-hospitality-event-management

https://www.hotel-online.com/press_releases/release/the-collins-college-undergraduate-student-team-takes-2nd-overall-in-str-student-market-study-competition-in-nyc/

https://www.hospitalitynet.org/opinion/4095924.html

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3e1mI58omQ"	"The students are working closely with the professor and industry mentors in analyzing a mess amount of market data about the tourist destination. Through their in-depth analysis, they are expected to discover and identify patterns, trends, and relationships among various key performance indicators of the market. They are also expected to generate new business ideas and/or new business opportunities for the market. At the end of the class, students will produce a market analysis report based on their own analysis of the real market data of a tourist destination. Such original work adds invaluable experience to students’ success. A student in the 2019 team who competed in the STR Student Market Analysis Competition, for instance, was able to elaborate on her experience in data analytics in this class during a job interview. She successfully attained a job offer as a market analyst in the headquarter of Hilton Hotels, which is not typical for a Collins graduate in the past."	"The learning experience incorporates participation from various skill sets, including data analytics, data visualization, critical thinking, leadership skills, strategic thinking, problem solving, public speaking, business demeanors, sales pitch, and other interpersonal skills. Some of those skills are not easily acquired from the lower-division classes offered at the Collins College."	"Students will acquire the data analytic skills using the real market data of a tourist destination in this class. Even though the key competencies taught this class remain the same, students will work on a new set of market data from different tourist destinations every year. The students will actively engage with our alumni and Board of Advisors who are working or familiar with a specific tourist destination. In 2019, for example, students analyzed the market data of Seattle. Students presented the results of their analysis to the hotel executives, partners of hotel consulting firms, and a few Board of Advisors of the Collins College. In return, they gained valuable feedback and the industry insights about the Seattle market from the audience. In 2020, the students are expected to analyze the market data of San Diego and Portland, Oregon. They will meet with our alumni and the Board of Advisors working in those two areas after the summer to exchange ideas."	"This is an upper-division seminar class in which leadership is an essential component of students’ learning experience. For example, students will prepare themselves for two exams, one for the Certification in Hotel Industry Analytics (CHIA) and the other for the Certification in Advanced Hotel & Tourism Analytics (CAHTA). Both certifications are highly valued in the hospitality industry and can benefit students substantially in a job search. Students will first acquire the necessary leadership skills as hotel managers regarding how to make informed managerial decisions at the property level as they prepared for the CHIA exam. Then, they will learn how to make informed business decisions as a corporate executive in a hotel chain, a business owner, an investor/banker, and a community leader in a tourist destination. Additionally, students will learn how to analyze the real market data that is provided by STR (Smith Travel Research), a leading data analytics firm in the lodging industry. During this process, students will also work closely with the professor and the Board of Advisors of the Collins College who are specialized in hotel real estate consulting and hotel development firms. In the end, they will make specific recommendations to hotel CEOs, business owners, and the destination marketing organization of the market."	Academic Affairs	Collins College of Hosptiality Management	Faculty	Associate Professor	Collins College of Hospitality Management	909-869-4523	
995	Learn Through Discovery Projects Hatchery	Regular	"Jurgens, Jeremy"	Awarded	06/18/2020		Yes	$0				Jeremy	Jurgens	Learn Through Discovery Projects Hatchery	jjurgens@cpp.edu	"Students receive mentorship from three sources. The first is through their faculty mentor, and any additional project mentors they take on. These mentors provide the most in-depth mentorship as they guide the students through the entire project development and implementation process.

The second is through Hatchery staff advisors and the Hatchery program itself. The Hatchery program's phases help provide students with a map to guide them through development and implementation. In the beginning of Phase I students also meet with the coordinator to develop their first action plan. In this meeting the coordinator ascertains the best way to make the Hatchery fit the team's needs. New teams are also required to present their project idea at a new team meeting attended by other new teams and the Hatchery advisors. After their presentation they receive feedback from their peers and the advisors. Advisors continue to provide feedback from team presentations, and meet with teams throughout their time in the Hatchery to help provide guidance on their projects.

The third method of mentorship comes from students' peers in the Hatchery. During Hatchery meetings Phase III teams are required to attend, and Phase I and II teams have the option to attend. Phase III teams present on the status of their projects and receive feedback from both advisors and peers. Their peers offer suggestions for troubleshooting issues and present alternative ideas for further research and exploration. Furthermore, the last portion of the meeting is dedicated to small group discussions. These discussions are largely student led and provide teams with the opportunity to learn from, and seek advice from, their peers."	"In the Phase III proposal teams are required to describe how they plan on disseminating their results to their target community. The methods for dissemination vary depending on the nature of the project and who the target community is.

Some dissemination occurs through the programs the students develop for their project. Such as one of our teams that plans to hold an event to educate people on bias. This event will have TED talk style discussions from experts, as well as entertainment such as musical and comedy guests. As well as booths and activities for attendees.

Some disseminate through academic conferences. Others work out how to deliver their product to market. Such as a bottling startup in the Hatchery that has been collaborating with businesses to bring their bottle design to market."	"The second requirement for students applying to the Hatchery, is that their project is innovative.

In Phase I of the program students must complete a customer discovery and/or a literature review. In these tasks students learn whether their project fills a need that does not already exist, either in a market, or in a body of research.

The types of original work include products and services that do not currently exist on the market, or new twists on current products and services. They may also be new ways to look at previous areas of research, or research areas that have not yet been pursued.

Because the first requirement of applying for the Hatchery requires teams to pursue projects that are meaningful to a target community, their projects must also fill a ""hole"" in the current needs of that community. To create something that the community wants, students must first present something that the community does not already have."	"The Hatchery is a multidisciplinary program. Students from any college or major may apply, and may work on any type of project, as long as it is meaningful and innovative. Some students also develop projects that are interdisciplinary. An engineering student may be creating a product they want to bring to market, and so they choose to collaborate with a business student who is more familiar with marketing and building a customer base. Some projects may have science students working with graphic design students.

By facilitating a program that serves communities and requires dissemination of projects to those communities, all students must employee multidisciplinary approaches. STEM students can't just do research in a lab or build a device. They must also collaborate with a community. This requires students to engage different disciplines of knowledge to complete these tasks."	"One of the requirements for project ideas submitted to the Hatchery is that the idea is meaningful to a target community. When teams submit a project proposal to enter Phase III of the program, they must explain in their proposal how they intend to disseminate their results to their target community. There is no requirement on who that community has to be though, so the communities our teams engage with vary greatly. Teams who want to create a product for the market engage potential customers through completing a customer discovery assignment. Teams doing academic research disseminate their results at conferences. Some work on developing programs for vulnerable communities.

One team currently in the Hatchery works with a farmer's market in Pomona to provide low cost healthy food for food insecure people in the city, and also interview market attendees to ascertain the root causes of food insecurity in Pomona. Another team provides nutritional counseling to student veterans on campus. We have two teams who have presented at geological conferences. Another team is developing a documentary on gun violence that they wish to premiere on campus, and are looking to add to a popular streaming platform's catalog."	"In the Projects Hatchery, projects are student-led. Student teams conceive their project idea, develop their plan on how to complete the project, and implement their project. This fosters independence through self-discipline and self-motivation,

Through Phase I activities students must develop the ability to conduct interviews, interrogate text, and find a mentor. These tasks help students develop the ability to coordinate with team members, interviewees, and potential mentors.

In Phase II students must develop a project proposal to enter Phase III. In this proposal they must provide a project timeline, budget, project goals, and how they will assess their success. This means that students will develop project planning skills, learn to delegate tasks in their team, goal-setting, and task management.

In Phase III students implement their projects where they will further develop their task management skills, and their ability to assess their work.

These skills are crucial for any leader to be successful in team and project management."	Academic Affairs	Other	Staff	Program Coordinator	Office of Academic Innovation	(909) 869-3644	
996	National Model United Nations (NMUN)	Regular	"Scarcelli, Marc"	Reviews Active	05/18/2020		--					Marc	Scarcelli	National Model United Nations (NMUN)	scarcelli@cpp.edu	"This process represents the ultimate example of an immersive, hands-on learning experience, requiring the students to hone skills in research, writing, public speaking, negotiation, leadership, and professionalization. The process begins with intensive research into specific UN committee topics on which the students write detailed policy papers. Their drafts are subject to intense and repeated scrutiny and feedback from the student leaders, other teammates, and even returning team alumni. Once these policy papers are complete, the class shifts focus to honing skills in public speaking, negotiation, and intense drilling on the rules and procedures of the upcoming conference. The students are required to offer many brief speeches, after which they receive specific constructive criticism. They run simulations of the conference, in order to practice their skills in negotiation and the correct use of the rules and procedures of the conference. Scrutiny and feedback are constant over a period of months. As noted above under ""leadership"", the student leaders are required to scrutinize the work of all students on the team, while experienced team members and even returning team alumni mentor the newer team members each year. The faculty advisor provides yet another layer of oversight, constructive criticism, and advising."	"The students' policy papers are uploaded to the conference web site where they are visible to thousands of other students participating from around the world. The conference itself, which is the entire point of the team, in held every spring in NY City. While in NY, they visit the mission (embassy) of their assigned country, where they receive a one-hour policy briefing from actual diplomats of that country. The closing ceremony of the conference is held in the UN General Assembly Hall. Many alumni of this team have, post-graduation, volunteered on the staff of NMUN conferences, several return to campus every year to mentor the team's newer members, some have become donors to this team's endowment, and several have found jobs with NGOs and government agencies."	"All students, working in pairs, are assigned to a simulated UN committee, and each committee is assigned 2-3 current topics which are designed to reflect the issues facing the real-world committees at the actual UN. Those students spend January and February in the library, often until it closes, researching those topics. Then each pair of students must write a policy paper, which proposes solutions to the assigned issues, while accurately representing their assigned country's position on that issue. Those papers must be written in a specific, diplomatic style, and they must be dense with references to specific treaties, prior UN resolutions, and other details that demonstrate the fruit of their months-long research. Then, once at the conference, they work collaboratively with students from other teams to write, amend, and then pass resolutions (the UN equivalent of legislation) on those same topics, while giving periodic public speeches to attract support to their draft resolutions."	"CPP's NMUN team always includes students from across campus, and that in fact is one of the keys to this team's ongoing success. Because of the broad range of topics that the team is assigned each year, this team benefits from having students on board who come from a variety of disciplines. While the plurality of students on the team come from the social sciences, in recent years we've had students from Biology, Computer Science, Environmental Design, and Veterinary Science, just to name a few."	"This team competes every year in the NMUN conference in NY City, which draws over 150 teams, consisting of over two thousand students, from all over the world. This student-led process is a detailed and rigorous simulation of actual UN diplomacy. Every year, this team is assigned a different country to represent, with the students filling the role of simulated diplomats from that country. While in NY, the students visit the UN itself and receive a policy briefing from diplomats at the mission (embassy) of the specific country which they are representing that year."	"Each year, two students with experience on the team are chosen by the faculty advisor to serve as the student leaders, called ""head delegates"". They take the lead in the classroom, while receiving supervision and advising from the faculty advisor, and they offer direct feedback to all the other students on the team. The National Model United Nations is, by design, a student-led initiative. Moreover, a crucial element of this team's ongoing success is driven by the fact that each year, experienced team members, and even returning team alumni, mentor the newer team members intensively, reviewing their research and policy papers in-depth and advising them on preparing for the national conference in NY. While there, they must collaborate with students from other teams from around the world to propose and pass policy resolutions, in a detailed simulation of UN diplomacy. Finally, many alumni of this team have, after graduation, volunteered to serve on the staff of NMUN conferences."	Academic Affairs	"College of Letters, Arts, and Social Sciences"	Faculty	Associate Professor	Political Science	909-869-4364	
997	CBA First Year Experience Sustainability Pilot	Regular	"Egir, Asbjorn"	Reviews Active	05/18/2020		--					Asbjorn	Egir	CBA First Year Experience Sustainability Pilot	aegir@cpp.edu	"Class lecturer
	Guest speakers
	CBA faculty"	"Class exhibition
	CBA newsletter
	CPP newsletter"	The students will map out what kind of resources the CPP campus has available for the identified sustainable development goals. They will visualize this through a “Journey Map” and make this available for the campus community.	"CBA, different departments and staff
	CPP campus community
	Different colleges  and departments, including subject matter experts"	"Overall CPP campus community
	Faculty from different colleges and departments
	Administration
	ASI
	Poly Pantry
	Career Center
	Outside campus resources (Guest speakers)"	"Communication Skills. This includes cooperation, problem-solving, and listening skills. In addition, students learn how to deal with conflict situations.
	Social Awareness Skills. Students learn how to consider other peoples’ opinions and show empathy.
	Emotional Management Skills. The students learn how to manage stress and motivate themselves to work towards particular goals.
	Self-Awareness Skills. Throughout the process of collaborating, students learn how to identify and express their own feelings.
	Decision-Making Skills. When students work in a group, they have to make reasonable choices that everyone agrees with."	Academic Affairs	College of Business Administration	Faculty	Adjunct Faculty	College of Business Administration	909 344 4054	
